Vm to docker/images (#378)
netgroup-polito/CrownLabs: provisioning/README.md

## Virtual Machines
The [virtual-machines](virtual-machines/) folder contains the resources made available to automate the creation, configuration and export of virtual machines to be used in *CrownLabs*. Additionally, it provides a set of scripts to configure and export already existing VMs, as well as to interact with the docker registry.

## Containers

> The [containers](containers/) folder contains the resources made available to create a set of containers that will run together in order to create a virtual desktop environment on top of which a desktop GUI application can run and be accessed as a web application through a web browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [containers](containers/) folder contains the resources made available to create an application, running in a container, which is compatible with *CrownLabs*, e.g., that exports a remotely-accessible GUI via web browser. This folder will actually contains a set of containers running together (with the Kubernetes *sidecar* approach) in order to make the solution easier to maintain, e.g., splitting the creation of the virtual desktop environment from the actual application container.
```
